[Coop grunting]
[ominous music playing]
[grunting continues]
[footsteps approaching]
[breathes heavily]
Who's there?
Hey! Hey! Who's there? Come on!
[grunts. breathes heavily]
What's happening?
Who the fuck are you people?
[panting]
[stammers]
[kidnapper] You went to see Liv Cross.
We're not just watching you.
we're watching everyone.
[Coop panting]
The money stays where it is.
Understood?
[breathes shakily] Yeah. Yeah.
Fuck. [breathes heavily]
[grunting. breathing heavily]
[panting]
[knife clatters]
[gate opening]
[engine starts. revs]
[grunts. pants]
[knife clatters]
Fuck. [breathes heavily]
[tense music playing]
[panting]
[retches]
[sinister music playing]
[exhales heavily]
[exhales deeply]
[sighs]
[theme song playing]
[sniffles]
[Brie] Arlo!
[Mel gasps. screams]
[Brie] Arlo. buddy?
- [Clay] Come on. bud. Come on home.
- [clapping]
- [Brie] Arlo?
- [breathes heavily]
[Brie] Arlo.
- Arlo.
- [Clay whistling]
- [Brie] Arlo.
- [Clay] Hey. Come home.
[Brie] Arlo!
- [Clay] Come on. Come on. Arlo.
- [Brie] Arlo.
[Mel] Hey. Brie!
[Clay] I don't know.
Probably around here somewhere.
[Mel] Brie!
- [Brie] Arlo. buddy. [kisses]
- [Clay whistles]
- [Brie] Arlo. Arlo. come on out. buddy.
- [Clay] Come home. buddy. [kisses]
[Brie] Arlo.
[Clay whistling] Come home. bud.
- [Brie] Arlo.
- [Clay] Come home.
[pants] Hey.
- [Clay] Where are you at. buddy?
- [Brie] Arlo.
[Clay] Come on. Arlo.
- [Clay] Buddy. come on.
Arlo.
[sighs]
Come on.
[grunts] Come on. kiddo.
- Look at this. Really?
- [chuckles]
- Hey.
- Hey. Mom.
Are you back?
Let's not make a big deal about it. okay?
Does this mean
you're reconsidering Princeton?
- [sighs]
- [stammers] Just a joke. How about Yale?
No?
Cut your losses.
- Thank you.
- Don't mention it.
You okay?
Yeah.
- Rough night.
- [groans] Me too.
- Yeah?
- [sighing]
You wanna come in?
[Coop] Some questions
aren't just questions.
they're portals to another world.
It was a world I would've given
anything to return to.
But I was in trouble.
and this was the last place
I wanted to bring that trouble to.
I should probably get going.
[tender music playing]
[grunts]
[inhales sharply]
[in Korean] Fine.
If that's what you think is best.
Hmm.
[in English] God. [sighs]
I never should've involved my mother
in this party.
Can you please stop talking
about a baby shower
when a doctor is about to take
a scalpel to my manhood?
[Grace] It's a sprinkle. not a shower.
A distinction without a difference.
And I didn't tell you
to schedule your vasectomy now.
It's not like you can
get me pregnant while I'm pregnant.
With our luck? You don't know that.
[knocks on door]
- Barney…
- [Barney] Hey. Doc.
- [Grace] Hi.
- …Grace. good morning.
How we feeling?
- [sighs. inhales sharply]
- Um. squeamish.
- There's nothing to be concerned about.
- [laughs]
It's a very simple procedure
with a quick recovery.
You'll need to take it easy
for a couple weeks.
but otherwise ice and Advil
should take care
of any discomfort or swelling.
You're going to castrate me
and not even let me enjoy the recovery?
I'll call in some Percocet.
Maybe some Demerol. too?
That stuff really agrees with me.
He had a kidney stone a few years back.
Still talks about it.
They say it's as painful as childbirth.
You know what else is
as painful as childbirth?
Childbirth.
Percocet's just fine.
Three bedrooms. two-and-a-half baths.
a recently redone deck.
and they even finished the basement.
- When was it built?
- [clicks tongue] 1993.
So. it has character.
Yeah. For Long Island.
[Realtor chuckles] Sure.
Are you relocating for work?
Uh. not exactly.
Husband. or… Oh. never mind. No ring.
Very observant. Becca.
[Becca] It's a dumb default question.
Between us. my least favorite part
of the job is making my clients write
"a single woman"
on their escrow documents.
I mean. you're already wiring away
your entire net worth… [chuckles]
…why not just throw in a splash
of indignity?
And as for the kids. if private school
is important to you--
Oh. no. no. no. Public school is fine.
I like this island.
[Becca] It's a cultured marble.
like the backsplash.
I mean. I went to public school.
Although. I guess that doesn't exactly
support the argument.
since I didn't even bother
applying to colleges.
The extra room upstairs.
that could work well as a playroom.
Or an office.
Yeah. I don't hate that.
You'd think my parents
would've intervened.
They're ruthlessly pragmatic
about everything. except me. I guess.
Only child.
I wonder if they regret it.
You know. making me think
I can be anything. do anything.
I mean. at some point you have to wake up
and realize that. you know.
you're not so special after all.
["Captain Jack" playing]
♪ Saturday night and you're still
Hanging around ♪
♪ Tired of living in your one horse town ♪
Hey. Sorry. um. wasn't Ali Cooper
supposed to be playing tonight?
Ali's taking some time off.
Death in the family.
[sighs] Okay.
Any idea when she might be back?
She didn't say.
- So. do you want something to drink?
- Uh. yeah. sure.
- Uh. couldn't hurt. Whatever's on tap.
- [slams payment on table]
♪ And you stare at the junkies
And the closet queens ♪
[sighs]
- [phone beeps]
- Hey. it's Ali. Mmm. yeah. just text me.
Ali. hey. Please pick up.
Um. I need to talk to you.
There's a lot going on over here.
Just call me back. Thanks.
♪ But Captain Jack will get you
High tonight ♪
♪ And take you to your special island ♪
♪ Captain Jack will get you by tonight ♪
♪ Just a little push
And you'll be smiling ♪
[buzzing]
Coop. this a surprise.
Hey. Sam. Sorry to call so late.
but I need a favor.
My curiosity is piqued.
[sighs] Can you find out if anybody rented
an apartment to Ali recently?
Is she okay?
I don't know.
She got some cash from my dad's estate.
but I don't think she could swing
more than 3K a month.
It's a small apartment market.
We'll find her.
Thanks.
Course.
It's sweet how much you care about her.
Yeah. well. maybe one day she'll think so.
[laughs] I'm learning it's a fine line
between caring and suffocating.
Are we gonna start talking about him now?
[sighs] Definitely not.
Whew.
[sighs] Good night. Coop.
[gentle music playing]
[inhales deeply. sighs]
[sighs]
[engine starts]
- [Grace] Hello. [laughs]
- [Maggie] Hi. [laughs]
- Congratulations again.
- Good to see you.
- Aw. and this is for you.
- Thank you.
[gasps] I said no gifts.
- Nobody believed you. babe.
- [scoffs]
Yes. but I want credit for the gesture.
- You can have it. [laughs]
- [both laughing]
Okay. come on. Everyone's playing a game.
Okay.
All right. Look who finally made it.
[all] Hey!
- Hi. How are you?
- That's my cousin over there.
Okay. focus. Boobs or baby butts?
I would know those tits anywhere. Yeah.
[laughs] I let her feel me up
that one time on a Miraval retreat.
[Kat laughs] Don't underestimate
small boob privilege.
Especially at our age.
Gravity comes for us all eventually.
[all laugh]
I will never know what it's like
to not have to wear a bra.
Nobody feels sorry for you.
[all laugh]
It's so nice to see you two
getting along again.
[groans] You have no idea how
uncomfortable that whole situation was.
All that tiptoeing around.
it was exhausting.
Well. don't make it all about you. Suz.
It was hard on me too.
[all laugh]
[Julie] Okay. everybody. focus.
[Samantha] Oh. wait. no.
I already nailed it.
- [Julie] You did?
- Uh. yeah.
'Cause the boobs have space
on the top and the bottom.
- And the butts are just. like. one line.
- Just turn the card upside down.
- Hey.
- [gasps]
- [laughs]
- Hey. You having fun?
Um. I'm feeling kinda old for all this.
Oh.
So. what's your excuse?
- What?
- You seem… out of it.
I'm sorry.
It's just. um…
it's been a roller coaster with Tori.
Oh. Yeah. I know.
But is that it?
[tires screech]
Yeah. I'm having trouble writing.
- Brain fog. Oh. excuse me.
- [server] Oh. thank you.
But I'm starting
hormone replacement therapy.
[gasps] Oh. thank God. Good for you.
- Grace. come back. Come back.
- I'm… Sorry. [chuckles]
We can't do this without you.
[chuckles] Let's have lunch soon.
so I can. you know.
watch you get drunk or something.
- Say when.
- [laughs]
[Gordy] This is what you
get up to unsupervised.
You look at pictures
of each other's asses?
- I've been missing out.
- [laughs] Yeah. you want in?
- Oh. so many responses come to mind.
- [laughs]
- You.
- Yeah?
- Go away.
- [laughs]
Go drink with Barney.
or he'll drink it all himself. Hmm?
Yes. ma'am.
But. Barney.
will you still be able to… [grunting]
- [Ashe] Jesus.
- [laughs]
You mean fornicate?
Oh. I was gonna say go to pound town.
but I mean.
if you want to get more biblical.
And what if you and Grace ever split?
You could meet a younger woman
who wants kids.
They can always go back in and reverse it.
Grace would kill me
long before that became an option.
[laughs]
Yeah. I like to think of my sperm
as like a nuclear arsenal.
I may never use it.
I just like knowing it's there. [laughs]
[chuckles]
What about you. Nick?
Your boys still in the game?
No. man. I got snipped as soon
as the ink dried on my first extension.
That's why you're
a business manager's dream.
Hey. now.
As for me. my doctors say
I should be going to pound town
in about two weeks.
[all laughing. cheering]
[Dom] Not soon enough.
You boys remember my father-in-law.
- Does that guy ever smile?
- That was a smile.
[chuckles]
- Hey! Attaboy.
- Whoa. whoa. Barney.
- Should you be drinking…
- [sighs]
…while you're on painkillers?
- Definitely.
- [slams glass]
Can I get some ice for my balls?
["Barracuda" playing]
♪ The real thing don't do the trick. no ♪
♪ You better make up something quick ♪
♪ You gonna burn. burn. burn
Burn. burn to the wick ♪
♪ Oh. barra-barracuda. yeah ♪
[cheering]
Thank you.
Oh. Oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh.
Whoo! Give it up!
Yeah!
[Ashe] All right. I'll take one of these.
- [crowd laughs]
- [grunts] Mmm.
Oh. yeah. Mmm.
["The More I See You" playing]
[Ashe] Here we go.
- Hey. Hey. hey. hey.
- [mouthing word] Hey.
♪ More than the greatest love
The world has known ♪
♪ This is the love
That I give to you alone ♪
♪ More than the simple words
I try to say ♪
Ashe can sing.
♪ I only live to love you
More each day ♪
♪ More than you'd ever know ♪
♪ My arms long to hold you so ♪
♪ My life will be in your keeping ♪
♪ Waking. sleeping
Laughing. weeping ♪
♪ Longer than always ♪
Hey. You heard from Burian and the team
yet about the whole Ashe deal?
They're still digging.
Why? You having second thoughts
about your second thoughts?
I-I don't know.
I mean. look at him.
He's like a puppy-dog. How bad can he be?
♪ I know I never lived before ♪
♪ And my heart is very sure
That no one else could love you more ♪
[guests cheer]
I'm gonna need your drink.
- Take that. Yeah.
- [guests laughing]
Oh. right next to you.
[guests cheer. laugh]
♪ This is the love
That I give to you alone ♪
♪ More than the si… ♪
What are you laughing at here?
♪ I try to say
I only live to love you more ♪
Pretend I have long hair.
[guest] Oh!
♪ More than you'd ever know
My arms got to hold you so ♪
♪ My life will be in your keeping
Waking. sleeping. laughing. weeping ♪
♪ Longer than always
Is a long. long. long time ♪
♪ But far beyond forever
You'll be mine ♪
♪ I know I never lived before
And my heart is very sure ♪
♪ No one else ♪
♪ Could love you more ♪
[cheering. applause]
[Ashe imitates Elvis Presley]
Mm-hmm. Thank you. thank you.
Hey. Where… She's off.
Hey. Coop. Did you just get here?
- Are you out of your fucking mind?
- What?
My fucking kids were there that night.
- What do you think you're doing?
- [Ashe] I'm sorry.
- I don't know what you're talking about.
- Bullshit.
- Hey. listen--
- Get the fuck off me. man.
I don't know what you're going on about.
but you wanna lower your fucking voice.
Come here. Come here.
What the fuck?
Where's all this coming from?
[stammers. chuckles]
Don't act like you don't know.
Well. I don't know if I don't know.
You wanna be more specific?
They threatened my life.
- What? Who?
- Your guys!
They kidnapped me. Put a bag over my head.
Tied me to a fucking chair!
I don't know what happened to you.
but I swear to you. this was not me.
But we need to drill down on this.
What did they say?
- I don't remember exactly.
- What do you mean you don't remember?
It gets a little fuzzy
when you get tased and kidnapped.
- Okay. but they referenced my money?
- Yeah!
Did they tell you to do anything with it?
Uh. you know. I was in and out.
Okay. listen.
We gotta talk about this.
but we're not gonna talk about it here.
You expect me to believe
you don't know about this?
You're managing 400 million from me.
Why the fuck would I do anything to you?
Is there something you want to tell me?
What? No. What?
All right. Well. like I said.
I had nothing to do with this.
What about your guys?
- My guys?
- Your guys.
I don't have guys like that.
What about your guy. DeMille?
DeMille's a lawyer.
He's not a gangster. he wouldn't do this.
How sure are you about that?
[guests chattering]
I will make sure.
But I promise you. Coop.
this is not how I work.
["Scarborough Fair" playing]
♪ Are you going to Scarborough Fair? ♪
♪ Parsley. sage ♪
♪ Rosemary. and thyme ♪
Sam. Hey. [chuckles]
Hi. Hey. Ashe.
"Hey. hey. Ashe?" Whoa.
What are you gonna do me like that for?
When's the last time
someone serenaded you?
- [chuckles] What do you want? A prize?
- I want a chance.
- Ashe.
- Listen. I screwed up. I did.
I messed up. I'm sorry.
I did not respect your boundaries.
I didn't. but listen. I got a whole
romantic dinner planned for Monday
to show you how dedicated I am
to doing that moving forward.
I told you I needed time.
A-And you responded by
making another grand romantic gesture.
And this time.
in front of everyone we know.
You know. you have a unique way of taking
the worst possible view of a good thing.
- Do I?
- Come on. Sam.
Patience is just
propaganda from the cowardly.
That's a great motto. seriously.
Also. it doesn't change anything.
You don't have to be afraid to let me in.
I did let you in.
The problem is. once you're in.
you are like a wrecking ball.
Like. you're singing.
and you're planning lavish dinners.
Okay. I think… I think
we're just missing each other.
Ashe!
I just need some time.
Okay. Time.
- Time.
- Yeah.
- I hear you.
Okay.
- Uh-Uh. how much time do you need?
- Oh. my God.
Okay. you know what. Sam?
You-You might wanna consider just showing
a hint of gratitude once in a while.
Excuse me?
I asked you out
when you were a social leper here.
Okay. I broke down those walls for you.
I think I've earned
a smidge of grace from you.
Well. that will teach you
to go for the low-hanging fruit.
That's not what I meant. [sighs]
[Barney] Hey. Sam.
- [guests cheering]
- [Hari] Thanks. everybody.
[exhaling deeply]
Well. that sucked.
Are you okay there. big fella?
Yeah. I seem to have pushed a button
that I can't un-push.
You got any wisdom to share there. Coop?
You were with her for a while.
I don't think you wanna ask me.
given the way things ended between us.
Ah. she'll probably come around
when I stop hounding her. you know?
And related. I've got an insane spread
being prepared at my place Monday.
and it's too late to cancel.
I've already shipped Delilah off to Mel's.
so let's make it a boys' night. all right?
In the meantime.
I'm gonna keep getting drunk…
and I'm gonna sing my ass off.
Mmm. Sounds like a plan. I'll join you.
Hey.
What was that with you and Ashe before?
Looked like things were getting heated.
[whispering] Well. don't overreact.
but I got kidnapped the other night.
- [breathes heavily]
- Wait. what?
- The thrown in the back of a van…
- You…
…the thing over the head.
the whole nine yards.
They were just trying to scare me.
Ashe's guys?
He says no.
And you believe him?
I… I don't know.
Okay. so I guess
you're not going to Ashe's.
No. I'm not.
We are.
[jazz instrumental music playing]
Rest. traveler.
- Thank you.
- [bartender] Of course.
- Mmm.
- Thanks again for bringing Tori home.
Oh. come on. I told you she would
inevitably come to her senses
and realize which parent she needed more.
- Oh. hey.
- [sighs]
Just add it to the ever-growing list of
parental failures on my part.
Self-pity? From you?
- [chuckles] Boy.
- [whistles] Slow down.
Moderation? From you?
Mm-mmm.
What are you doing hiding up here?
I really needed a break from all the…
showboating.
[laughs] Yeah.
Did I see you talking to
Samantha downstairs?
She finally wore me down.
- Good for you.
- It was nice actually.
Let me tell you something though.
She's in over her head
with that Ashe character.
Yeah. I think we all pretty much
feel the same way.
Even knowing everything that's wrong
between them. I still envy her.
Sam? Really?
The way he chases her.
The passion.
I don't know. I guess I just realized
it is entirely possible
that no one will ever lust after me
like that again.
[chuckles]
I'm sorry. I thought I was supposed to be
the self-pitying one.
- [scoffs] You're being ridiculous.
- Am I?
- Yeah. You know why?
- Hmm?
'Cause there isn't a single man
in this entire party
that hasn't noticed you in that dress.
- Really?
- Yeah. I know I have.
[gentle music playing]
Really?
Yep.
Mmm.
Oh. my God.
[Coop moans]
- [Mel gasps. breathes heavily]
- Oh. my God.
[gasps. moans]
- Let's go this way.
- [pants]
[moans] Okay.
Come on.
- [Diane] Oh. my… [moans]
- [chuckles]
[Gordy groans]
Okay. that was… Did you know about that?
- No.
- Come on. come on. come. on.
[sighs]
- I'll… I'll…
- Yeah. you… I'll…
Coop.
[chuckles]
Hey.
That's a great dress.
You walked right past them?
- Just like that?
- Just like that.
They didn't even look up. They couldn't…
They couldn't stop fighting.
- Jesus Christ. they hate each other.
- [chuckles]
- God was looking out for you. [chuckles]
- [exhales]
Yeah. I never had you pegged
as a God-person.
Oh. call it what you want.
Religion. spirituality.
manifestation. vitamins.
- [chuckles]
- We all need something or else…
Or else what?
You end up in the back of a pawn shop
with your friend's stolen baseball card.
"Tom Seaver." Hmm.
This will take a little time
to authenticate.
It's a heavily counterfeited market.
Well. I-I kinda need this
on the faster end of things.
Yeah. That sounds like a you problem.
Did you ever wonder what it might be like
to be in a business
where you give people good news
f-for a change?
Why the sudden rush?
I thought you were back on Wall Street
placing bets with people's pensions.
We hardly ever see you anymore.
Well. I tried to take your advice
vis-à-vis the blackmail situation
and I ended up being thrown in the back
of a van with a sack on my head so…
- And yet here you are.
- What is that supposed to mean?
- Someone was trying to scare you.
- Well. it fucking worked. I'm scared.
If they were serious about killing you.
they would have killed you.
- Is that supposed to be comforting?
- Listen to me. Coop.
The only threat you pose to these people
is right now.
before you've done anything.
The moment you follow through.
you become untouchable.
This is the moment.
It may not come again.
Take control. Coop.
Make yourself untouchable.
Otherwise
they'll own you.
You sure about that?
Mostly.
I can't gamble my life on "mostly."
What is it you think
you've been doing all this time?
- [chuckles]
- [buzzer sounds]
[sinister music playing]
Hey. Rocco. Can I borrow you for a sec?
[rock music playing]
Hey! Fucko. What do you want from me. huh?
What the fuck's wrong with you?
I'm on my fucking lunch break.
Uh. sorry. man.
I thought you were someone else.
You wanna get into it with me?
Hey. it was an honest mistake. okay?
You step out of that van you're gonna be
pissing sitting down for a year.
- You hear me?
- [van driver] I hear you.
[sighs] Sorry about that.
Yeah. it's okay. you know?
It's better safe than sorry.
Hey. can I keep this?
Yeah.
[Danny] Ellen! It's a cramp!
[Coop chewing]
[sighs]
Ellen! Ellen!
Help me!
[Nick] Look. I'm not a crackpot. I just
think it should be a finable offense
for the away team to wear white uniforms.
What are we even doing here?
- It pains me to say this…
- [object clatters]
- …but he's right.
- My man.
[suspenseful music playing]
If I turn on the Knicks game
and they're playing
the world's most famous arena.
- I want to see the core white…
- [clattering]
Is that too much to ask?
[Nick] And when they're away
those associations…
[clattering continues]
[Coop sighs]
- Jesus. Elena.
- Careful. Coop.
You might hurt your back.
[grunts]
- What are you doing here?
- I need my half of the card.
[sighs] Wish you would've called.
I did. And texted. a lot.
That's probably true. Sorry.
Why does this sound like
the beginning of an excuse?
The card is going to take a little while.
- [sighs] You're kidding me.
- It's a specialty item.
My guy has to authenticate it.
And you didn't check to see if your guy
could handle a baseball card
before we planned an entire job around it?
We could've taken something else.
Honestly. it never occurred to me.
It somehow never does. Coop.
Harsh. Okay.
- The money is coming. All right?
- [sighs]
Do you want a beer or something?
- I gotta go.
- Wait. whoa. wait. Come on. stay.
What's wrong with you?
What? Nothing.
I just figured maybe you'd wanna…
hang out.
- You figured that I'd wanna hang out?
- What?
My brother's been missing for three weeks.
And you haven't even bothered to
check in on me.
All you've done as far as I can see
is let your friend lock up my money
when I needed it
and blow me off over and over and over
when I've had jobs for us.
Jobs that I needed.
And you figured that
I'd just wanna hang out.
- Elena…
- Fuck you. Coop.
- Hey.
- No.
If you're so lonely. why don't you
do something about it for once.
instead of
dragging everybody down with you?
[door opens]
[door slams]
[sighs]
[downcast music playing]
[upbeat music playing]
[receptionist] Bailey Russell.
how may I direct your call?
Absolutely. I'll transfer you.
Yes. sir.
Hi. Coop.
- What are you doing here?
- What you won't.
You can't bring this to Jack.
It's career suicide for you.
Well. then I guess you'll have
nothing to worry about.
Hey. buddy.
Fuck me.
Fucking fuck. every time I talk to you
it ends up costing me a half a yard.
Look. if it means anything.
I wasn't trying to fuck you.
[Jack] Oh. well. then. Problem solved.
This doesn't have to
cost us anything. Jack.
- How so?
- We can keep the investment.
- The illegal investment?
- [Liv] Barely illegal.
[Jack] Oh. is that gonna be your defense?
"Were you knowingly
trading with the enemy?"
"Barely. Your Honor."
The enemy according to
one notoriously arbitrary administration.
And that's if we can even take
what Coop is saying at face value.
- You can.
- And more to the point.
are you so sure that all the other money
we manage here is beyond reproach?
Or is it your mandate that we start
looking into every dollar taken in here?
Because I can assure you
that will end in tears and margin calls.
Capital at scale is inherently corrupt.
Is it Bailey Russell's job to be
some kind of moral arbiter
of when that corruption is okay
and when it isn't?
That's a very good point.
It sounds like a point
that you've had some time to come up with.
Coop did bring
this OFAC issue to me earlier.
- but it didn't seem like it…
- I think we've strayed far afield…
- Will you let me speak. please?
- I'm trying to save your job.
I don't need you to save my job.
- You're fired.
- Jack.
What?
You just told me
you've been sitting on this. How long?
A day. a week?
Well. then we'll give you some severance.
Go. Now.
[sighs]
This was all me. Jack.
[chuckles]
I can't really fire you. can I. Coop?
Oh. it'll be good for her.
She's the whole package.
Just missing one good battle scar.
And she'll land on her feet.
outside of your big fat fucking shadow.
- That's it?
- What?
You're taking this a hell of a lot better
than I thought you would.
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm as surprised as you are.
There was a time not long ago
I'd be lighting your ass on fire
and making sure every fund.
from Beijing to here and back
had your picture nailed to a wall.
And now?
I can't be bothered.
Cancer's back.
Yeah. uh. doctors found it in my prostate.
Spread like a goddamn brush fire.
I'm sorry. Jack.
Yeah. me too.
But… [sighs] …I'll tell you.
it makes you think about a lot of things.
Especially those fights
that are worth taking on.
So. here's what we're gonna do.
We're gonna return the money.
I'll handle the fallout internally.
Nobody outside these halls has to know.
It's better than I deserve.
I'm not doing it for you.
[chuckles] Maybe.
I don't know. Maybe I am.
Jesus. Jack. You know…
Yeah. Hey. Coop.
I'd imagine you have a very dangerous
and upset client on your hands.
Are you prepared for that?
I don't know.
Forget your client.
Cricket Birch
is gonna want your head on a spike.
[sighs]
How are you gonna plug this hole?
Do what I always do.
Go and find the 400 million myself.
Ah. it'd be good for me.
Give me a reason to
wake up and keep fighting.
I'm really sorry. Jack.
Yeah. I probably had it coming.
Yeah. well. I didn't mean about the money.
Neither did I.
We should find some time
to play some squash.
[chuckles]
[pensive music playing]
Yeah.
[Coop] Liv was collateral damage
and I felt bad about that.
but only to a point.
I'd given her the chance to play the hero
and she'd chosen to roll the dice instead.
And while I knew she'd be okay.
it left me wondering who else in my life
would be left holding the bag
for my actions.
But walking away from Bailey Russell.
I felt somehow lighter.
If Lu was to be believed.
I'd just played the only card I had.
And while time would tell if I had
the winning hand.
in that moment. at least I knew
I'd stopped being a helpless spectator
to my own life.
[construction workers shouting]
[machinery humming]
[humming stops]
[Miguel speaking Spanish]
[speaks Spanish]
[in English] Hey.
Hey.
Hey. i-is… is it a holiday
I don't know about or…
Probably.
The Zalkins called off the job.
Your nightmare is over. [chuckles]
Yeah. it's a bit of a surprise
but they have to pay me out.
And between us.
my guys are gonna be really happy
they don't have to deal
with that lady anymore. She was…
tricky.
Hey. I thought you'd be happy about this.
No. yeah. I… [stammers]
- [chuckles] I am…
- [chuckles]
I… I'm really sorry about
the whole driveway thing.
I-I was taking shit out on you
that had nothing to do with you.
Yeah?
What kind of shit?
Well. let's see.
Um. I got divorced.
Then my ex-husband
was arrested for murder.
I lost my job because I punched my friend
at a coffee shop.
My daughter blew off college.
I'm getting older
at a very fucking alarming rate.
and I'm so filled with violent rage
I'm becoming a danger to society.
I mean. someone should just cart me off
and put me in a padded cell.
So. what I'm hearing is you're single.
[gasps. pants]
[racy music playing]
- [Miguel grunts]
- [pants]
[both moaning]
[mouthing words] Oh. my God.
[moans]
Um… So. I…
- Tell me.
- No. I'm just… I'm…
I don't know if my body works anymore.
It may take me a while.
[in Spanish] Everything
with patience
is possible.
[panting]
[moans]
[watches ticking]
[sighs]
- [in English] Hi.
- [Tori] Hmm.
You're glowing.
I am?
Probably because
I'm so happy that you're home.
So. I met Miguel.
You got home early?
- Half day. Yeah.
- Oh. my God.
- He seemed like a nice guy.
Is it a perm
or does his hair just like. do that?
- Tori Cooper.
- [chuckles]
I am. you know?
I'm so happy to have you home
even when you torture me.
I know. Mom.
So. are we going to be seeing
this Miguel again?
I think I prefer them
a little bit younger.
Right. Yeah.
- [sighs] Hey.
- Hey.
So. how bad an idea is this?
Well. we're about to find out.
One way or the other. this ends tonight.
I think I'm going to need you
to elaborate on that.
I told Jack where the money is from.
- Coop. we can't go into that house.
- Look.
he's not gonna report it to the Feds.
He-He… He's just gonna give it back.
All right? And he's not even doing that
until he finds another 400 million
to plug the hole.
And when he does?
When he does. Ashe will have to
find someplace else
to invest his money without me.
Oh. and then maybe this time
we'll both end up
with bags over our heads. right?
I don't think so. I…
For what it's worth.
I think he was pretty sincere
about not being behind that.
[sighs]
You wanna go home?
This is my mess.
You don't need to be here.
[clicks tongue]
I'm your business manager. Coop.
Let's go take care of business.
- You sure?
- No.
It's just four guys
sitting around talking. right?
All good.
[Coop] We'll be fine.
- [chuckles]
- What?
I was just thinking about all
the other times you've said that.
I'm bound to be right one of these days.
[rock music playing]
Gentlemen. right on time.
- Yes. sir!
- You're in a good mood.
- Hey. happiness is a choice. right?
- Hey.
- A mindset.
- Exactly.
You guys got some catching up to do.
Food's in the dining room.
Make yourselves a plate.
Meet me in the living room.
Let's eat.
Where'd all the staff go?
He sent them home.
Said he wanted it to be just us tonight.
Uh. he's a mess.
- [Ashe humming]
- Seems pretty happy.
Whoo!
Well. he just switched
from coke to ketamine. so…
Buckle up. boys. It's gonna get bumpy.
[Ashe grunts] Hey. You guys want in?
I got powder if you don't like needles.
Oh. you don't know what you're missing.
At least make yourselves some drinks.
[Nick] I'm good with what I got.
Yeah. man. Yeah.
So. uh. this whole thing with Sam…
Oh. fuck that Sam. Jesus Christ.
There's plenty where that came from.
But good friends. that's the good stuff.
You know. I was worried
that Westmont Village
was gonna be
one of those clichéd communities
where everyone just watches each other.
and sees who has the biggest house.
and the most expensive car
and the best jewelry.
Yeah. well. if it is. you win.
[laughs]
I will admit.
I don't mind rising above the game.
But I have to say.
you all are good people. You are.
Y-You welcomed Delilah and me
into your little circle with open arms.
And I know it's not been very long
but… [sniffs]
…I am honored to call you all my friends.
[Nick] Bonded in friendship and business.
[Ashe] Amen.
Mmm. [gulps]
Hey. which reminds me to give you
guys a little friendly heads-up.
The lawyers are gonna have to
submit financials to my bank.
We need to set up a revolving credit line
so that we can start cash flowing
to the expansion team.
So. I'm gonna need you
to clean up those monies
you're moving through the business ASAP.
Uh. what-what monies?
Oh. hey. No judgment.
What's a little cash scrubbing
between friends. huh?
It's a couple hundred thousand.
we've all been there.
Um. I haven't.
The fuck's he talking about?
Whoa. Oh. I'm sorry. I thought…
He didn't know?
- Well. shit.
- Look. this…
this is all just a misunderstanding.
Then why don't you explain it to me?
Yeah. 600K in magic receivables
all involving LLCs tied to you
- doesn't sound like a misunderstanding.
- Barney. start talking.
Wait a minute. wait a minute.
If you didn't do this for Nick…
who'd you cut that check to?
- Oh. [chuckles]
- Shut up. Ashe.
Coop! Wait. what the fuck? Both of you?
You were running money through my gym?
It was… Look.
it was just a paper shuffle. Nick. Okay?
You know. we were short on receivables.
Coop had some cash
that he wanted to keep off of the books.
It was a one-time transaction.
It just killed two birds with one stone.
Barney was trying to help me out
with a tax thing
after Bailey Russell went sideways.
It's just…
Why didn't you ask me?
I would've helped you if you needed.
I didn't tell you because it was nothing.
It's a quick pass-through.
Wait. wait.
Is… Is this why
you didn't want me to bring Ashe in?
No. That… No. that's completely separate.
Oh. so. you were gonna cost me
a major expansion just to cover your ass?
The fuck. Barney?
Shit. man.
- Shit. Oh. my God.
- [Ashe] Not a good look. guys.
Hey. We're all friends here. Come on.
- Let's dial it down a notch.
- [Nick] Bro.
We're all about to make
a lot of money together.
Right.
No.
No. we're not.
We're done.
[chuckles] Wh…
- Wh-What does that mean?
- [Barney] Is now the right time. Coop?
Bailey Russell's gonna
return the funds to you.
They know it's your money
and they know you're on the OFAC list.
[ominous music playing]
And how do they know that?
Because I told them.
Fuck me.
You pathetic little man.
I fucking paved your way
back into the hedge fund world
on a goddamn yellow brick road.
And you fucking blow it up?
You're gonna fix it. Coop.
Well. I can't.
So. thank you for this.
- I'll see myself out.
- [Ashe] No. Hey.
Hey. You're gonna fix it. Coop!
You're gonna fix it!
You think you can fuck me like that?
I know where you live.
I know where your family lives.
[ominous music continues]
- What the fuck did you just say?
- What? You think there's rules here?
Wake up!
You fuck with my livelihood.
there will be consequences.
You fucking kidding me? Fuck you.
I'll fucking kill you.
- You understand me?
- [Barney] No. Coop!
- I'll fucking kill you.
- No!
Motherfucker. Threaten my family?
- Motherfucker. [grunts]
- You're gonna fucking kill me?
- You're gonna kill me?
- Please. Coop.
[clamoring]
- Come on.
- Whoa! Hey!
- W-Whoa. hey!
- [Nick] A fucking gun?
[Ashe] Kill me.
You said you were gonna kill me. Kill me.
You have no idea who you're fucking with.
Come on. Ashe.
Hey. let's all just calm the fuck down.
- [chuckles] I'm calm.
- Okay.
I'm cool as a fucking cucumber. [laughs]
[laughing]
Back off. Superstar.
[Nick] You don't wanna do this. man.
Come on. we're all having a bad night.
Like you said.
- let's just take it down a notch.
- Kindly shut the fuck up. Nick.
I thought you were my friend.
- Did you really?
- Not helping. Coop.
He threatened my family. Are…
- [gunshot]
- [screams] Fuck!
Oh. shit.
- [Coop] Hey. Come on.
- [Barney] Get him. Nick!
[clamoring]
Get the gun! Get the gun!
- Whoa. whoa. whoa.
- [Barney] Nick.
[grunting]
- [gunshot]
- [grunting]
[Barney] Stop. Please. Not at me.
Not at me. Not at me.
[groans]
[grunts] Ow!
[grunts]
- [yells]
- Oh. shit!
Fuck you! [shouts]
You little bitches!
[Coop] Oh. my God!
[music ends]
[sighs]
He's dead.
[fire alarm ringing]